greet you dear friends with you
grumpy and we continue to use
contract exchange vks head me somehow on
it is that it carries a greater good
guns such we pull out i like that
see the bengal tiger has changed itself for
those guns from the last contract but alas I
I decided not to write it, but now I
I want to try to get myself ak-47
the red line I really hope that I
lucky contracts really somehow but
better go really want the red line
Well, in extreme cases, this is a p90 triangle
but I don't want a last resort
It is ak-47, it looks awesome and I
I hope that I will not let the phallus
I bought them 10 pieces and in principle, but this is for me
cost all bucks and I hope that all
I will pay them back but if we are there
do not sell normal quality
I will write like that ak-47 red line so
is such a little bit on and it seems so
lines let me ok and sends
logically lucky very much hope that we will
will be ak-47 and and yes yes yes ok and quite
red line but rather like
not bad quality in my little
worn he damn finally out of luck
again very good yes he seems to be
a little worn well, not straight
so much scary i leave myself not
I will sell it for a long time I wanted it and
now I have it were excellent
looks very cool what and after
field tests okay ok too
what were these contracts of exchange in
ks-go swami was knocked subscribe
post comments on my channel
put likes write comments
if you want to see more of these clips
bye everyone